Service catalog
---------------

The service catalog is a replacement for the GLPI's simplified interface.

It is enabled on a per entity basis and exists in two flavors

* simplified
* extended

To enable it, edit an entity, open the `Forms` tab and set the field `Helpdesk mode` to `Service catalog simplified` or `Service catalog extended`. This setting handles inheritance from parent entity to children entities.

Users using the simplified interface will benefit a new interface allowing them to:

* browse forms and FAQ with the unified interface
* follow the process of their requests
* book assets
* view their feeds

Users using the extended interface have a more complete view on their requests.

Forms with `Direct access on homepage` enabled will appear in the interface. Users may search by browsing the categories on the left of the screen, and may also search for forms with a natural language search engine.

By default FAQ items in the Knowledge Base also show with forms. The only prerequisite is to associate form categories to knowledge base categories (in `Setup > Dropdowns : Forms > Form categories`).

It is possible th have a distinct display of FAQ in `Administration > Entities > Forms`. When **Distinct menu entry** is selected the service catalog shows a new menu entry on the left. FAQ are browsable by category and key words.

.. note::
    All entity settings for Formcreator propagate to sub entities by default. The administrator may change the settings in a sub entities to break inheritance.

Overview
^^^^^^^^

The service catalog shows several counters on the top left corner. Those counters show all requests involving the current user as a author, requester, observer, assigned or validator.

The requests displayed here are

* tickets created without Formcreator
* tickets generated by forms havung only one target tickets
* form answers when the form has no target ticket
* form answers when the form has several target tickets

The request are spread over 4 counters

* processing
* pending
* to validate
* closed

.. Note::
    New requests are not included in the counters.

RSS feeds
^^^^^^^^^

When users are allowed to view RSS feds, the service catalog shows a menu entry on the left to access them. RSS feeds administration is done in GLPI as usual.

Reservations
^^^^^^^^^^^^

Users may book an asset with GLPI's reservation system, avaialble in the left menu of the service catalog.

